last time I saw you we were on the set
of all in the family live yes you were
fantastic in that you did such a you
didn't seem nervous like everyone seemed
nervous except for you because I do it
all the time because one day at a time
is from in front of a live audience
mm-hmm and what do you have to lose when
it's live nothing if you mess up people
love that it's the most freeing thing
ever I wasn't nervous but I do remember
and none of the people that I was
working with were nervous because they
were all pros and amazing oh they were
nervous I was there
great but I remember that Jesse
Eisenberg who I adore is said to me so
is the audience gonna be able to see are
we gonna be able to see the audience I'm
like yeah really right there we're gonna
be able to see that point in the
production did he realize that I I think
he asked like right before we were gonna
have a nod well we didn't do a great job
he did great and you did great the whole
thing was fantastic you had fun doing it
I said yes you ever get distracted by
the audience or you do well either I
mean I performed live a lot but I
remember one time I was doing a show at
the Lincoln Center and really a great
show but it had its problems and in the
audience right in front of us was Ethan
Hawke and James Franco and they didn't
really like the show obviously because
they were like this throughout the whole
thing
actor face on you could see them that
well yeah yeah yeah it's that well they
put them right there so well at least
they came that was nice everybody kept
going backstage going oh my god they're
out there hate us they're out there
later
yes that's good to know actually I'm
glad for that tip actor face you're from
Chicago raised in Chicago when did you
how or when was it that you came out to
Lausanne I came in the 90s and I came
with two girlfriends my friend Laura and
Margie we we came out here we had one
car we had a Nissan pickup a stick-shift
which we weren't used to driving in LA a
stick ship with these streets and we all
lived in a one-bedroom we had one bed
and we all slept in the same bed really
yes and because I was the smallest we
all had to sleep like this like for two
years like you were on a roller coaster
[Laughter]
it was like a full-size even
Queen without the arm yeah do you keep
in touch with them yes they're still two
of my best you guys ever have sleepovers
in one bed no never anymore this is a
show did you love one day at a time
growing up this is I didn't really why I
think I got to the rerun part you know
she's a little too young right but yes I
went out when I was going to audition I
revisited the show and fell in love with
it yeah the great Norman Lear it hired
you to to star on this show which is
really that in itself is is exciting it
is did you audition for Norman like
specifically or wait for the other
producer all of them they were all in
the room Gloria Mike
Brent Norman but then there was a
follow-up audition because Norman
couldn't make the test and that's when I
had to go to his home and when I went to
his home is when I realized that I have
a shot for this because there's nobody
else there except for myself and we were
having a very intimate conversation like
right here you and I for about 30
minutes and then out of nowhere Norman
goes alright read and I'm like I have to
audition no I mean I thought I had the
part I thought I was in did you have a
script with you no he gave it to me oh
he did writing you know Norman he
surprised you with it he surprised me
with you must have gone well it went
well I said I have nothing to lose let
me go for this and did he tell you right
there that it was gonna happen
no no what he wanted to know what he
said to me which was important he said
we know you can do this part what I want
to know is are we gonna like each other
am I gonna want to work with you every
single day oh so that was I guess he
liked you yeah he did yeah what was your
first acting job when you got here like
your first real acting job I did a movie
called she's so lovely with Sean Penn
and John Travolta oh and Robin Wright
Penn and I was actually I was in the
wrong room I was going to an audition
and I walked in and I was there like
you're at the wrong Warner Brothers
because there were two Warner Brothers
back in the day it was won by Formosa
cafe and then there was the one in
Burbank and I was walking out and the
casting director chased me and he said I
think you'd be great for this part will
you read for it it's a movie with Sean
Penn and John Travolta I was like yeah
I'll read for it and then I got the part
which in you were at the wrong day
they're waiting for Sean Penn and he's
walk my scene was a Sean Penn and it was
the first time I saw a movie star in
person and it was just like Sean Penn he
comes up to me we start talking to each
other and I think we're talking to each
other and he's like what's your name and
I'm like Justina Machado I'm like oh my
god he wants to know my name and nick
cassavetes comes over who was a director
and he's like no Justyna not your real
name and I'm like but this character
doesn't even have a name he was
improving beau forgot to tell me that he
was improv shows like you have very
confused well it seems to have all
worked out one either time is now on pop
TV it premieres up March 24th at 9:30
Justina Machado
hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about adults